Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
I know this is sudden...
But it's something I've always been thinking about...
This time, in all seriousness...
I want you to see what things I want to do, using this video
That is...
I want to make the world peaceful
Things like conflict and fighting...
Are things that humans do...
But it's a choice of the moment, isn't it?
Lot's of people watching understand this
I...
Can't fight physical battles...
Because I'm virtual
But after all, I believe that nothing can be born of violence!
This might seem like I’m too naive
I’ll bring peace to the world!
Even though this is something I want to do, I can't say it'll be easy...
Rather, I think it'll be hard...
But with such a large amount of people...
Who enjoy watching my videos...
I want as many people to be thankful for their lives...
And give them the feeling of "I did it!"
So for today...
With this feelings in mind, I’ll decide today's activity!
May this world find peace!
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jaka...
Jan!
"Dance Cover”...
"YATTA!"
(Song: “I did it!” by Happa-Tai)
Huh?
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
♪ It's so easy, HA! ♪
♪ Happy go lucky ♪
♪ We are the world ♪
♪ We did it ♪
*(x) Not “in”*
♪ Hyu hyu hyu hyu ♪
♪ Osu osu osu osu ♪
♪ HAI, DOMO ♪
♪ YATTA, YATTA ♪
♪ Got into college ♪
♪ Promoted to CEO ♪
♪ As long as you have a piece of leaf… ♪
♪ You are "LUCKY" to keep on living ♪
♪ YATTA, YATTA ♪
♪ Guaranteed win ♪
♪ Representing Japan ♪
♪ Health is over 9000 ♪
♪ Everybody say ♪
♪ YATTA! ♪
(I did it!)
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
Bye Q~!
There's more at the end!
Translated By Myi, M1Ck鈴木 and Vortex
♪ YATTA, YATTA ♪
♪ Company project ♪
♪ Advertising revenue ♪
♪ Fu, fu ♪